Add `snfoundry.toml` generation logic and docs (#2467)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/snfoundry-toml.md

# The Manifest Format

The `snfoundry.toml` contains the project's manifest and allows specifying sncast settings.
You can configure sncast settings and place arguments in it to not have to provide them in CLI along with the commands.
If `snfoundry.toml` is not found in the root directory, sncast will look in all parent directories. 
If it is not found, default values will be used.

> ## `snfoundry.toml` contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `snfoundry.toml` Contents
```

### `[sncast.<profile-name>]`

> ```toml
> [sncast.myprofile]
> url = "http://127.0.0.1:5055/"
> account = "user1"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
# ...
```
```

> All fields are optional and do not have to be provided. In case a field is not defined in a manifest file, it must be provided in CLI when executing a relevant `sncast` command.

Reviewer: I think it'd be nice to link to profiles explanation or briefly explain it here.

Author: Added

#### `url`

The `url` field specifies the address of RPC provider.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
url = "http://example.com"
```

#### `accounts_file`

The `accounts_file` field specifies the path to a file containing account information. 
If not provided, the default path is `~/.starknet_accounts/starknet_open_zeppelin_accounts.json`.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
accounts_file = "path/to/accounts.json"
```

#### `account`

The `account` field specifies which account from the `accounts_file` to use for transactions.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
account = "user-dev"
```

#### `keystore`

The `keystore` field specifies the path to the keystore file.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
keystore = "path/to/keystore"
```

#### `wait_params`

> The `wait_params` field defines the waiting parameters for transactions. By default, timeout is set to `300 seconds` and retry_interval to `5 seconds`. 
> This means transactions will be checked every `5 seconds`, with a total of `60 attempts` before timing out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wait_params` field defines the waiting parameters for transactions. By default, timeout (in seconds) is set to `300` and retry_interval (in seconds) to `5`. 
This means transactions will be checked every `5 seconds`, with a total of `60 attempts` before timing out.
```

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
wait_params = { timeout = 300, retry-interval = 5 }
```

#### `block_explorer`

The `block_explorer` field specifies the block explorer service used to display links to transaction details. 

> The `Sepolia Testnet` is supported only by `Voyager` and `StarkScan` block explorers.

Author: Removed

| Value     | URL                                    |
|-----------|----------------------------------------|
| StarkScan | `https://starkscan.co`          |
| Voyager   | `https://voyager.online`               |
| ViewBlock | `https://viewblock.io/starknet`        |
| OkLink    | `https://www.oklink.com/starknet`      |
| NftScan   | `https://starknet.nftscan.com`         |

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
block_explorer = "StarkScan"
```

> #### Example file structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Complete Example of `snfoundry.toml` File
```

# The Manifest Format

> The `snfoundry.toml` file is not included in every package by default. If you want to use it, you need to create it yourself. 

Reviewer 2: Since it's created automatically [here](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/blob/2a1be2f27d06f15b56246a3d0fa3952306422d46/crates/forge/src/init.rs#L140), it's worth mentioning that newly created projects are going to have it.

This file allows you to specify sncast settings. It is written in the [TOML](https://toml.io/) format. 

> It contains metadata needed to configure sncast settings and should be placed in the root of your project. 

Reviewer 2: In fact it's searched for in the project root and above in the filesystem. Maybe add another line explaining the `sncast`'s behaviour in case of lack of the file?

Schema of the `snfoundry.toml` file:

## `[sncast.<profile-name>]`

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
url = "http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc"
account = "user1"
accounts_file = "../account-file"
wait_params = { timeout = 300, retry_interval = 5 }
```

> There is no required fields in the profile section, it depends more on the arguments that the user wants to have 
> provided in advance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is no required fields in the profile section. It's up to user which arguments do they want to provide in advance and which specify via CLI.
```

### `url`

The `url` field specifies the address of RPC provider.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
url = "http://example.com"
```

### `accounts_file`

The `accounts_file` field specifies the path to a file containing account information. 
If not provided, the default path is `~/.starknet_accounts/starknet_open_zeppelin_accounts.json`.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
accounts_file = "path/to/accounts.json"
```

### `account`

> The `account` field specifies the account to be used for transactions. This should be a valid account name listed in `accounts_file`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `account` field specifies which account from the `accounts_file` to use for transactions.
```

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
account = "user-dev"
```

### `keystore`

The `keystore` field specifies the path to the keystore file.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
keystore = "path/to/keystore"
```

### `wait_params`

The `wait_params` field specifies the parameters for waiting during transactions. Default values are `timeout = 300` and `retry_interval = 5`.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
wait_params = { timeout = 300, retry-interval = 5 }
```

### `block_explorer`

The `block_explorer` field specifies the block explorer service used to display links to transaction details.

| Value     | URL                                    |
|-----------|----------------------------------------|

> | StarkScan | `https://starkscan.co/search`          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| StarkScan | `https://starkscan.co`          |
```

# The Manifest Format

> 

Reviewer: I think we should also say what's the another purpose of this file: You can configure some arguments in it to not have to provide them in CLI along with the commands.

The `snfoundry.toml` file, present in each package, is called its manifest. 
This file allows you to specify sncast settings. It is written in the [TOML](https://toml.io/) format. 
It contains metadata needed to configure sncast settings and should be placed in the root of your project. 
If `snfoundry.toml` is not found in the root directory, sncast will look in all parent directories. 
If it is not found, default values will be used.

> Schema of the `snfoundry.toml` file:

Reviewer: This isn't really a schema. Let's name it something like 

``## `snfoundry.toml` contents``

and update headings bellow accordingly

## `[sncast.<profile-name>]`

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
url = "http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc"
account = "user1"
accounts_file = "../account-file"
wait_params = { timeout = 300, retry_interval = 5 }

> ```

Reviewer: Don't need to show the whole thing

> There are no required fields in the profile section. It's up to user which arguments do they want to provide in advance and which specify via CLI.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All fields are optional and do not have to be provided. In case a field is not defined in a manifest file, it must be provided in CLI when executing a relevant `sncast` command.

```

> 

Reviewer: Where relevant, we should also provide cross references (links) to the sections where these arguments are used.

### `url`

The `url` field specifies the address of RPC provider.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
url = "http://example.com"
```

### `accounts_file`

The `accounts_file` field specifies the path to a file containing account information. 
If not provided, the default path is `~/.starknet_accounts/starknet_open_zeppelin_accounts.json`.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
accounts_file = "path/to/accounts.json"
```

### `account`

The `account` field specifies which account from the `accounts_file` to use for transactions.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
account = "user-dev"
```

### `keystore`

The `keystore` field specifies the path to the keystore file.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
keystore = "path/to/keystore"
```

### `wait_params`

> The `wait_params` field specifies the parameters for waiting during transactions. Default values are `timeout = 300` and `retry_interval = 5`.

Reviewer: Let's explain what is timeout and what is retry_interval. Also explain what units are used for these.

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
wait_params = { timeout = 300, retry-interval = 5 }
```

### `block_explorer`

The `block_explorer` field specifies the block explorer service used to display links to transaction details. 
The `Sepolia Testnet` is supported only by `Voyager` and `StarkScan` block explorers.

| Value     | URL                                    |
|-----------|----------------------------------------|
| StarkScan | `https://starkscan.co`          |
| Voyager   | `https://voyager.online`               |
| ViewBlock | `https://viewblock.io/starknet`        |
| OkLink    | `https://www.oklink.com/starknet`      |
| NftScan   | `https://starknet.nftscan.com`         |

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
block_explorer = "StarkScan"
```

> 

Reviewer: This is probably duplicating information we already have in a relevant section.

Author: There is no other place in docs, where supported block explorers are listed.

Reviewer: Okay, that's not great. Let's keep your version for now, but eventually this should be documented in a more relevant place.

Reviewer: #2487
